RHDHBUGS-2260: trust corporate-issued certificate (#2211)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/proc-configure-trust-for-corporate-certificate-authority-with-node-extra-ca-certs.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configure-trust-for-corporate-certificate-authority-with-node-extra-ca-certs_{context}"]
= Configure trust for corporate Certificate Authority with `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`

[role="_abstract"]

> The best practice for configuring {product-very-short} to trust a certificate issued by your corporate Certificate Authority (CA) is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secure communications between {product-very-short} and your corporate Certificate Authority (CA) by configuring the NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS environment variable.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="set-up-trust-for-certificate-authority_{context}"]
= Configure trust for corporate Certificate Authority in {product}

[role="_abstract"]
The best practice for configuring {product-very-short} to trust a certificate issued by your Certificate Authority (CA) is
to use the `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS` environmental variable.

[NOTE]
====
The steps
to set up {product-very-short} to trust a CA may vary
depending on how your specific {product-very-short} deployment is configured.
The following instructions capture only the general outline of the procedure.
====

.Prerequisites
* You have a CA-issued certificate.

.Procedure
. Export the certificate from its source.
. Convert the certificate to `.pem` format.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
The maximum of file paths in `.pem` format supported by `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS` is *one*.
You cannot concatenate multiple file paths as values of the environment variable.
====
. Create a secret  containing the CA.
. Mount the secret into {product-very-short} environment. Follow the steps specific for your deployment method: Helm or Orchestrator.

> . Set the `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS` to point to the mount path of the secret.

Reviewer 2: I would be more explicit on how to set the env variable, as you did for the secret.

Author: Configmap? I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you mean. I didn't mention configmap anywhere (I think)?

Reviewer 2: Typo. I meant secret. Corrected.
